gosu/README.md, before:

Welcome to Gosu!
================

Gosu is a 2D game development library for Ruby and C++.

The main website is [www.libgosu.org](https://www.libgosu.org/).
The source code, wiki, issue tracker and change log are all hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/gosu/gosu).

Gosu is released under the MIT license.

Getting Started
---------------

The best entry point into Gosu's documentation is the [wiki home page](https://github.com/gosu/gosu/wiki).
Try doing the tutorials there if you don't know how to get started,
or look at existing projects in the [Gosu Showcase](https://www.libgosu.org/cgi-bin/mwf/board_show.pl?bid=2).

Community
---------

- Visit our [message board](https://www.libgosu.org/cgi-bin/mwf/forum.pl) or the [r/gosu subreddit](https://reddit.com/r/gosu).
- There’s also an IRC room, [#gosu on freenode](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=gosu). The regulars are spread across many timezones, so you’ll need some patience.
- You can file bugs and feature requests as [issues on GitHub](https://github.com/gosu/gosu/issues).
- Or [simply email me](mailto:julian@raschke.de) :)

Build Status
------------

Platforms| 
---|---:
Linux, macOS and iOS|[![Travis build status](https://travis-ci.org/gosu/gosu.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gosu/gosu)
Windows|[![Appveyor build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/v0liohs47jono1eq?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/gosu-ci/gosu)

Commit message:

Update to new Gosu Version and some fixes to Beispielprojekt

gosu/README.md, after:

Welcome to Gosu!
================

Gosu is a 2D game development library for Ruby and C++.

The main website is [www.libgosu.org](https://www.libgosu.org/).
The source code, wiki, issue tracker and change log are all hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/gosu/gosu).

Gosu is released under the MIT license.

Getting Started
---------------

The best entry point into Gosu's documentation is the [wiki home page](https://github.com/gosu/gosu/wiki).
Try doing the tutorials there if you don't know how to get started,
or look at existing projects in the [Gosu Showcase](https://www.libgosu.org/cgi-bin/mwf/board_show.pl?bid=2).

Community
---------

- There is a lively [Discord community](https://discord.gg/5nEBXDc).
- If you want to discuss or announce something in a more permanent place than a chat room, we also have a [message board](https://www.libgosu.org/cgi-bin/mwf/forum.pl).
- Please file bugs and feature requests [on GitHub](https://github.com/gosu/gosu/issues).

Build Status
------------

Platforms| 
---|---:
Linux, macOS and iOS|[![Travis build status](https://travis-ci.org/gosu/gosu.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gosu/gosu)
Windows|[![Appveyor build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/v0liohs47jono1eq?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/gosu-ci/gosu)
